Updated smoke test (#658)
zonemaster/zonemaster-backend: docs/Installation.md

> **Note:** In addition to the normal dependencies, the post-installation

> > smoke test instruction assumes that you have curl installed.

Reviewer: These two lines are not needed since that is repeated for each OS.

Author: The scope of this PR is to update the smoke test. It's not about fixing all problems we can find in the installation instruction.

Optionally install jq (only needed for the post-installation smoke test):

```sh
sudo yum install jq
```

> 

Reviewer: These six lines (CentOS specific) do not belong to the general Prerequisites section. Suggested to be replaced by the lines below.

Author: Right. I'm moving them.

## 3. Installation on CentOS

> ### 3.1 Install Zonemaster::Backend and related dependencies (CentOS)

Reviewer: To be consistent with Debian and FreeBSD, under this headline, just after the "note" about Zonemaster::LDNS and Zonemaster::Engine add:

Optionally install Curl and jq (only needed for the post-installation smoke test):

```sh
sudo yum install curl jq
```

Author: The scope of this PR is to update the smoke test. It's not about fixing all problems we can find in the installation instruction.

Author: I moved the misplaced jq installation step here. I'm not adding curl here because it isn't a new dependency. I haven't checked but I'm assuming it's installed by default on CentOS.

> API on localhost port 5000 as below. The command requires that `curl` is installed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
API on localhost port 5000 as below. The command requires that `curl` and `jq` are installed.

```

```sh
cd `perl -MFile::ShareDir -le 'print File::ShareDir::dist_dir("Zonemaster-Backend")'`

> ./zmtest zonemaster.net

Reviewer: I suggest
```
$(perl -MFile::ShareDir -le 'print File::ShareDir::dist_dir("Zonemaster-Backend")'`)/zmtest zonemaster.net
```
instead so that you do not have to jump around in the file system.

Author: I implemented this.
